[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure
that the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a deadly battle
at the bottom of the sea,
the Straw Hat Pirates
leave Fishman Island.
At long last, they reach
the waters of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
In the Maubeugemour Sea,
they met a giant
girl named Lily,
who became not-so giant after
eating the Mini Mini Fruit.
Her father, Panz Fry,
had been captured by the Navy,
and when Luffy found
out he was a chef,
he was happy to help rescue him.
However, a mysterious group
known as the Neo Navy
was determined to destroy
the gentle giant.
Bring us up! Quickly!
Let's finish them.
[NEO MARINES]
Sir!
The one who's responsible
for raiding all these pirates.
It was you?
[SHUZO laughs]
That's right!
And he'll be my next victim.
[NARRATOR] Soon, the rescue
attempt erupted into chaos,
as an all-out battle began
between the Straw Hats,
the Navy, and the Neo Navy.
And I will never rest until
the new world is rid of you!
[SHUZO yells]
Don't hold your
breath on that one!
[gasps]
All right, Gum-Gum
Giant Jet Spear!
Finger Pistols. All Ten!
It's over!
[ALPACACINO gasps]
[NARRATOR] After some
giant-sized attacks from Luffy,
the matter was soon settled.
But the waters of the
New World are full of wonder
and the Straw Hats were eager
to set sail on new adventures.
[LUFFY chuckles]
Ready, crew?
[ALL]
Yeah!
[LUFFY] "Arriving!
A Burning Island - Punk Hazard!"
Let's go!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
This is dreadful!
Will the Sunny be okay?
She's built to last.
Don't worry, bro!
[LUFFY]
Huh? Woohoo!
That doesn't look right.
The sea. It's on fire!
[ROBIN]
How fascinating!
[LUFFY] Cool! There's a
volcano and everything!
That island looks
awesome-- Let's go!
[OTHERS]
What?!
Hold on a sec, Luffy!
[NAMI]
I thought so.
None of the needles on the Log
Pose are pointing to that place.
It's volcano time!
[NAMI]
It's not gonna work!
What doesn't work?
It's got lava and fire!
The only thing that island's
missing is us on it!
Calm down, Luffy! Listen!
None of the needles are
pointing there! Something's up!
Even for the New World,
this island is bad news!
That's not what
the volcano says!
The island is right there!
Who cares about
some dumb needles?
We go where we want!
What's gonna stop us?
The fire!
We can't get any
closer than this!
The sea is literally burning!
[LUFFY giggles]
[NAMI]
What's so funny?
[SANJI]
Hungry?
Wait, you seriously want
to eat the giant shellfish
Panz Fry gave us right now?
It's the perfect time!
I can try some of his
special techniques
and cook it in the fire.
Yeah, sure! And cook
all of us along with it!
[gasps]
[ROBIN]
Sparks!
[USOPP]
The ship's gonna catch fire!
No way. You super
underestimate the Sunny!
There's something wrong
about this place.
Just look! The fish are dead!
They're bones! Bones!
[gasps] And what is wrong
with that, pray tell?
[NAMI groans]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL 579A crying]
[USOPP]
What's that?
[sobbing]
Hey. This is weird.
They don't normally cry.
What's wrong, buddy?
Does your stomach hurt?
No, that's a distress signal.
Someone close by
is calling for help.
If I pick it up,
can I hear them?
Wait, Luffy!
More than half of
those calls are fake.
This is likely just a trap.
The Navy often uses this as a
trick to hunt down pirate ships.
Once you pick up, they can
determine your location
and launch a surprise attack!
Thank you, Robin!
That's great advice.
I'm sure our captain has
other things to do--[gasps]
Hello? My name is
Monkey D. Luffy!
And I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates! [gasps]
You don't need to
tell them all that!
[RANDOM MAN 579A sobs]
Someone help!
What's wrong?
[RANDOM MAN 579A]
Please! It's cold. We need Boss!
[LUFFY] It's real hot where
we are. And who's Boss?
[RANDOM MAN 579A]
My friends are getting cut down
one after another!
The samurai is gonna kill us!
The what now?
Wait up. Who? Samurai?
And where are you?
[RANDOM MAN 579A sobs]
Please hurry!
We're on the island
of Punk Hazard!
We don't have much time left!
[ALL gasp]
[RANDOM MAN 579A screams]
[BOTH scream]
He's dead!
How terrible!
Smells like trouble's
brewing out there.
What do you mean "it's brewing"?
He's dead! It's already brewed!
[CHOPPER screams]
This is scary!
Maybe he was acting
and this is just a trap.
♪ So cold!
Ooh, you're so cold! ♪
A samurai's like a swordsman.
Right, Brook?
Yes, from a faraway land.
An island known as
the Kingdom of Wano.
Wano is closed off from
the rest of the world,
so most people know
little about it.
In fact, it's not
even affiliated
with the World Government.
They say that their
samurai are so formidable
that even the Navy
dares not challenge them.
[RYOUMA] The legendary owner
of this blade Shusui
may have long since fallen,
but its story does not end here.
With you as its master, this
sword will surely be satisfied.
[RYOUMA] This body of
a legendary samurai.
How shameful of me to
allow it to know defeat.
[USOPP] I've never even
heard of the place.
But he said "Punk Hazard."
Not the place with the samurai.
You think that's it right there?
I think that's
a logical conclusion.
Those portable
transponder snails
have a limited signal area.
[LUFFY] Come on! Fight through
the fire and help him!
We'll die!
He's dead anyway!
And there's a samurai!
They sound scary!
I agree!
[LUFFY laughing]
[LUFFY] Wait up. Who? Samurai?
And where are you?
[RANDOM MAN 579A sobs]
Please hurry!
We're on the island
of Punk Hazard.
We don't have much
time left! [screams]
That was Luffy, no doubt.
[SMOKER]
Punk Hazard, huh? Damn it.
Not ideal, but at least we know
where the Straw Hats ended up.
Makes enough sense.
With the battle at
Fishman Island
and what took place after.
The only question now
is did they answer
the call for help?
Or did they move on?
You guys are the Navy!
Can't you just send me to jail?
I'll do anything!
What the hell do you want?
We want you nice and crispy!
[MARINES chuckling]
Would you stop that already!
I've warned you before!
Tashigi. Let's change
course for Punk Hazard.
Hold on, Smoker.
It's deserted, right?
After the incident
four years ago,
they sealed off
the entire island.
Surely no one's there anymore!
Maybe they're not.
Frankly, I can't imagine anyone
surviving in that living hell.
But we're screwed
if we're wrong.
Change course immediately, men.
We're off to Punk Hazard.
Huh? You sure, Vice Admiral?
That place is off-limits,
even for folks like us!
You don't get to lecture me
while burning a man alive!
Come on!
[MARINES]
Yes, sir.
So? How many of us
are going to the island?
Since we don't know
what the hell's going on,
we should probably keep
a few people on the ship.
Hey, Franky.
I need the Mini-Merry.
No prob.
Are you nuts?
You are not going alone!
If you wanna come, just say so.
Not a chance! If we let
you run off unsupervised,
it could take us days
to hunt you down!
Huh?
Too bad.
Captain Bellywarmer here
would only get him more lost.
Hey, don't call me that!
Or I will cut you!
[SANJI growls]
I'm game! Let's do this thing!
Yes, count me in, too.
[ALL]
Huh?
Well, looks like a rock
solid team to me--
No need for any of us to go!
I had a feeling it
would come to this.
We'll draw straws.
Now, no one can complain.
I'm going anyway.
You think a straw's
gonna stop me?
Hey! If I get picked,
you go instead!
I'll summon all the
good luck I've got left!
What's good is it gonna
do me if I die right here?
It's time to bet it all!
[yells]
[gasps]
That settles it, then.
Just don't die.
Yeah, you wish.
[ROBIN chuckles]
This should be fun!
[USOPP]
Or fatal.
You won? Good job, Usopp.
You wanna go?
Trade with me! Please! [sobs]
Take this. It's a
giant shellfish lunchbox.
Woohoo! Yeah, I can't wait!
[NAMI]
Milky Road! Let's go!
[BOTH gasp]
That's cool!
You sure showed
that wall of fire!
You can make 'em just like
they do in Skypeia now, huh?
Uh-huh!
We still have to wait a minute
before they stabilize, though.
[LUFFY]
Okay!
[LUFFY] All right!
Time for adventure, you guys!
Come on, Mini-Merry!
Be careful! Please don't die!
Wish I could go,
you lucky punks!
They'll probably need
our help soon enough.
[BROOK laughs]
Watch out for lava!
Usopp, be brave!
Someone trade with me!
[LUFFY]
Whoa, this shellfish is great!
[USOPP] Don't tell me you're
eating your lunch already!
[LUFFY]
Hm? Ooh, look over the edge!
It's fire! Fire! This is fun!
Usopp, you're scared
over nothing!
Will these clouds still be here
when we need to come back?
Hey and it stopped raining, too!
Island scouting weather!
No, it's not!
[BROOK] Nami, are you certain
that cloud bridge of yours
reaches the island?
[NAMI]
I have no idea.
But Luffy will figure
something out, I'm sure.
[BROOK gasps]
Easy for you to say!
[CHOPPER sighs]
I couldn't have handled that.
Not with all my fur.
I'm hot enough already!
[NAMI]
I'll bet this'll work out fine!
Robin's there.
We just needed one person on
the team to keep Luffy in line.
Sounds like you cooked up
a whole formula for this.
[SANJI]
You're so considerate, Nami!
Let me make a dessert for you!
Maybe something nice and cool?
[FRANKY, BROOK]
Yay! Dessert!
[SANJI]
It's not for you!
--[FRANKY] Aw!
--[BROOK] Please?
Look! I see the
entrance to the island!
They've got a gate
and everything!
Wonder if there's a town?
Not likely!
Whoever lived here before
probably got burned to a crisp!
If there was a town,
then it would be on fire!
Wherever that call came from,
it must have been far away,
safe from all of this mess!
Robin, back me up!
I was skeptical at first,
but the flavor is great!
Why is everyone eating
their lunch right now?
You're not? I'll eat it for you.
I'm saving it for later!
[ROBIN]
Do want this piece, Luffy?
[LUFFY]
Yeah!
[ROBIN]
Here.
Sanji outdid himself!
We're lucky! There's
lots of shellfish left!
[USOPP gasps]
My disease is coming back!
I can feel it inside of me!
So, here's the thing.
I've got "can't go on
this island" disease
and it's terminal!
I know.
My brain is melting!
My heart is seizing up--
I think I'm gonna die!
[LUFFY laughs]
[USOPP]
Turn the ship around!
[ROBIN]
Well, that settles it.
This is where the
call came from.
[USOPP] Yeah, he said
"Punk Hazard" for sure.
[BOTH grunt]
Get Mini-Merry away
from all that fire.
[ZORO]
So this is the right island,
but that distress call could've
come from anywhere.
How curious. Seems the
island is off-limits.
Yeah! Luffy! See that?
[LUFFY, ZORO]
Hm?
[LUFFY]
Yeah? So? I love danger.
[USOPP] Not that!
The World Government mark!
They're running this place!
So whoever it was that
called for help was a Marine!
It's obviously a trap!
I guess we're
done here, right guys?
[USOPP gasps]
Uh, hey. We are leaving,
aren't we? Zoro.
Well, that was easy!
[ROBIN chuckles]
[groans] It's hot!
[ZORO groans]
Hey, stop! Trespassing
is a crime!
Are you sure you wanna do this?
Oh, wait.
Yeah, I guess we're already
criminals, aren't we?
But the Government!
You don't wanna pick
a fight with them, do you?
Wait, we've done that, too.
[USOPP gasps] Okay, but from
a morality standpoint!
[LUFFY groans] This is stupid.
Why is it so hot?
I'm thinking because
everything is on fire.
[ROBIN] I doubt it's
always been this way,
since the Government
built a fence here.
Something happened. But what?
[gasps]
[USOPP]
Hold on! Don't leave me!
Scary! I coulda used
some help back there!
[USOPP panting]
[ROBIN] It's not so bad.
Those aren't houses.
[ROBIN]
Clearly, they're some sort of
government research facilities.
So you think the volcano
or something did this?
And then, what, they shut
the whole operation down?
Or do you think they were up to
something and they did this?
The fact that the Log Pose
didn't point to this island
troubles me,
but what does that mean?
Hey! Did that samurai kill you?
If you're not dead yet, say so!
[LUFFY]
Hey! Samurai!
You wanna fight?
He's a killer!
He'll kill us, too!
Now you have an appetite?
This is stress-eating,
thank you!
There's something else
about this that's fishy.
The guy making
the emergency call
said it was cold, didn't he?
[RANDOM MAN 579A]
Please. It's cold. We need Boss!
Yeah, he did.
But how can you be
cold and on fire?
Maybe he's stupid.
I doubt that's the issue here.
Can there be a cold place
on a burning island?
Or perhaps he was cold
simply because he was
bleeding to death.
Robin, could you keep
those thoughts to yourself?
[rumbling, growling]
[USOPP] What was that?
Why are there scary noises?
What the heck?
[CHOPPER] Thanks, Sanji!
It's real yummy!
And all we had to do
was beg and cry!
This is nice and cold, too!
Ow, I got brain freeze!
Or should I call it
"soul freeze"?
Be grateful!
You're lucky Nami's
sharing her leftovers!
They weren't for you!
Oh, but I could make seconds
if you want some more.
What's up? You notice something?
Yeah. The clouds.
[ALL]
Huh?
[NAMI] The sky on the
far side of the island
is different than
the sky on our side.
Almost like the weather is the
complete opposite over there.
Not our problem, I guess!
Hmm.
[gasps] It's a giant?
Nuh-uh. It's way
bigger than that.
Do you think that's what's
causing all this wind?
[LUFFY gasps]
It's behind us. Huh?
My goodness.
[gasping]
[screams]
Oh, wow. Those things
are real? Crazy!
No way.
Whatever this is,
it must be a trick.
Those things're
only in fairy tales.
And yet, just look at it.
What else could it possibly be?
[DRAGON 579A roars]
[ALL]
A dragon?
[DRAGON 579A growls]
[NARRATOR] Dragons are thought
to exist only in legends,
but the Straw Hats find
themselves face to face
with this firebreathing beast.
Luffy and Zoro struggle against
its overwhelming strength,
determined to stop the
creature from destroying
everything in sight.
But the crew is left
even more stunned
when the dragon begins to speak.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Battle in the Heat!
Luffy Vs. the Giant Dragon!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!